fix: note on morai improvements (#395)
Nixtla/nixtla: experiments/foundation-time-series-arena/README.md

> TL;DR: Foundation models for time series outperform alternatives and are ready to be tested in production. TimeGPT-1 is (so far) the most accurate and fastest model but TimesFM from Google comes very close. Some models are still outperformed by classical alternatives.

Notes: 
* The Amazon team responded to the original benchmark with this [PR](https://github.com/Nixtla/nixtla/pull/382) that shows, according to them, that by changing some parameters, Chronos is significantly faster and more accurate.

> * The SalesForce team also responded with this [PR](https://github.com/Nixtla/nixtla/pulls#:~:text=4-,fix%3A%20Chronos%20inference%20in%20foundation%20ts%20arena,-%23382%20opened%20last) showing improved accuracy and perfomance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The SalesForce team also responded with this [PR](https://github.com/Nixtla/nixtla/pull/389) showing improved accuracy and perfomance.
```
